[PyTorch] Adding example for Captum Implementation with MLflow (#3866)
mlflow/mlflow: examples/pytorch/CaptumExample/README.md

> ## Titanic Basic data analysis using Captum and mlflow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Captum and MLflow to interpret Pytorch models 
```

> In this example, we will demonstrate the basic features of the Captum interpretability,and loging those features using mlflow library through an example model trained on the Titanic survival data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we use the Captum interpretability library together with MLflow to interpret a Pytorch model trained on survival data from the Titanic. 
```
```suggestion
In this example, we will demonstrate the basic features of the Captum interpretability,and loging those features using mlflow library through an example model trained on the Titanic survival data. 
```

Reviewer: Could we also link the word "Captum" here to the Captum homepage, so that the user can learn more about Captum / view its API docs etc?

Reviewer 2: @smurching  Thanks for the suggestions, I will update the necessary changes in the READ.md and update the PR.

We will first train a deep neural network on the data using PyTorch and use Captum to understand which of the features were most important and how the network reached its prediction.

### Running the code
To run the example via MLflow, navigate to the `mlflow/examples/pytorch/CaptumExample` directory and run the command

```
mlflow run .
```

> This will run `Titanic_Captum_Interpret.py` with the default set of parameters such as  `--max_epochs=100` and `--use_pretrained_model False`. You can see the default value in the `MLproject` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run `Titanic_Captum_Interpret.py` with default parameter values, e.g.  `--max_epochs=100` and `--use_pretrained_model False`. You can see the full set of parameters in the `MLproject` file within this directory.
```

## Titanic Basic data analysis using Captum and mlflow. 
In this example, we will demonstrate the basic features of the Captum interpretability,and loging those features using mlflow library through an example model trained on the Titanic survival data. 
We will first train a deep neural network on the data using PyTorch and use Captum to understand which of the features were most important and how the network reached its prediction.

### Running the code
To run the example via MLflow, navigate to the `mlflow/examples/pytorch/CaptumExample` directory and run the command

```
mlflow run .
```

This will run `Titanic_Captum_Interpret.py` with the default set of parameters such as  `--max_epochs=100` and `--use_pretrained_model False`. You can see the default value in the `MLproject` file.

In order to run the file with custom parameters, run the command

```
mlflow run . -P max_epochs=X
```

where `X` is your desired value for `max_epochs`.

If you have the required modules for the file and would like to skip the creation of a conda environment, add the argument `--no-conda`.

> ```
> mlflow run . --no-conda
> 
> ```

Reviewer 3: ````suggestion
```
mlflow run . --no-conda
```
````

Reviewer 2: @harupy Thanks for reviewing. I will make all the required updates you have pointed out. And update the PR.

### Viewing results in the MLflow UI

Once the code is finished executing, you can view the run's metrics, parameters, and details by running the command

```
mlflow ui
```

and navigating to [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

For more details on MLflow tracking, see [the docs](https://www.mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking.html#mlflow-tracking).

### Passing custom training parameters

The parameters can be overridden via the command line:

1. max_epochs - Number of epochs to train model. Training can be interrupted early via Ctrl+C
2. lr - Learning rate
3. use_pretrained_model - If want to use pretrained model

For example:
```
mlflow run . -P max_epochs=5 -P learning_rate=0.01 -P use_pretrained_model=True
```
Or to run the training script directly with custom parameters:

```

> python Titanic_Captum_Interpret.py \

Reviewer 4: python Titanic_Captum_Interpret.py --max_epochs 50 --lr 0.1
